[OSDOCS#17175]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-3 (#114275)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/compliance-removing-kubeletconfig.adoc

[id="compliance-removing-kubeletconfig_{context}"]
= Removing a KubeletConfig remediation

[role="_abstract"]

> `KubeletConfig` remediations are included in node-level profiles. To remove a KubeletConfig remediation, you must manually remove it from the `KubeletConfig` objects. This example demonstrates how to remove the compliance check for the `one-rule-tp-node-master-kubelet-eviction-thresholds-set-hard-imagefs-available` remediation.

Reviewer: Abstracts must be 300 characters or fewer.

      spec:
        kubeletConfig:
          evictionHard:
            imagefs.available: 10%
  outdated: {}
  type: Configuration
status:
  applicationState: Applied
----
+
where:
+
* `metadata.labels.compliance.openshift.io/scan-name: one-rule-tp-node-master` specifies the scan name of the remediation.

> * `spec.current.object.spec.kubeletConfig.evictionHard.imagefs.available: 10%` specifies the remediation that was added to the `KubeletConfig` objects.

Reviewer 2: Not sure we need the value in the parameters here.

```suggestion
* `metadata.labels.compliance.openshift.io/scan-name` specifies the scan name of the remediation.
* `spec.current.object.spec.kubeletConfig.evictionHard.imagefs.available` specifies the remediation that was added to the `KubeletConfig` objects.
```
